src/advanced_examples.md, before:

## More advanced examples

These examples are still relatively simple (they fit in a single file) but they demonstrate more concepts that cannot be easily shown in just a "Hello, World!" application.

### `math.ln`

```rust,editable
from @std/app import start, print, exit

on start fn {
  print(concat("1 + 2 = ", toString(1 + 2)))
  print(concat("1 - 2 = ", toString(1 - 2)))
  print(concat("1 * 2 = ", toString(1 * 2)))
  print(concat("1 / 2 = ", toString(1.0 / 2.0)))
  print(concat("1 % 2 = ", toString(1 % 2)))
  print(concat("1 ** 2 = ", toString(1 ** 2)))
  print(concat("1 & 2 = ", toString(1 & 2)))
  print(concat("1 | 2 = ", toString(1 | 2)))
  print(concat("1 ^ 2 = ", toString(1 ^ 2)))
  print(concat("!1 = ", toString(!1)))
  print(concat("1 !& 2 = ", toString(1 !& 2)))
  print(concat("1 !| 2 = ", toString(1 !| 2)))
  print(concat("1 !^ 2 = ", toString(1 !^ 2)))
  print(concat("1 + 2 * 3 ** 4 = ", toString(1 + 2 * 3 ** 4)))

  emit exit 0
}
```

This example shows multiple math operations and their results, with the last statement demonstrating the order of operations effectively inverting the computational flow of that statement.

### `object_literals.ln`
```rust,editable
from @std/app import start, print, exit

type MyType {
  foo: string
  bar: bool
}

on start {
  print("Custom type assignment")
  const test = new MyType {
    foo = "foo!"
    bar = true
  }
  print(test.foo)
  print(test.bar)

  let test2 = new MyType {
    foo = "foo2"
    bar = true
  }
  test2.bar = false
  print(test2.foo)
  print(test2.bar)

  print("Array literal assignment")
  const test3 = new Array<int64> [ 1, 2, 4, 8, 16, 32, 64 ]
  print(test3[0])
  print(test3[1])
  print(test3[2])

  let test4 = [ 0, 1, 2, 3 ]
  test4.set(0, 1)
  print(test4[0])

  print("HashMap literal assignment")
  const test5 = newHashMap(true, 1)
  test5.set(false, 0)

  print(test5.get(true))
  print(test5.get(false))

  let test6 = newHashMap("foo", "bar")
  test6.set("foo", "baz")
  print(test6.get("foo"))

  emit exit 0
}
```

This example demonstrates the three (so far) object literal syntaxes and sub-value accessor syntaxes.

### `if.ln`
```rust,editable
from @std/app import start, print, exit

fn bar() {
  print("bar!")
}

fn baz() {
  print("baz!")
}

fn nearOrFar(distance: float64): string {
  if distance < 5.0 {
    return "Near!"
  } else {
    return "Far!"
  }
}

on start {
  if 1 == 0 {
    print("What!?")
  } else {
    print("The world is sane...")
  }

  if 1 == 0 {
    print("Not this again...")
  } else if 1 == 2 {
    print("Still wrong...")
  } else {
    print("The world is still sane, for now...")
  }

  const foo: bool = true
  if foo bar else baz

  print(nearOrFar(3.14))
  print(nearOrFar(6.28))

  const options = pair(2, 4)
  print(options[0])
  print(options[1])

  const options2 = 3 : 5
  print(options2[0])
  print(options2[1])

  const val1 = 1 == 1 ? 1 : 2
  const val2 = 1 == 0 ? 1 : 2
  print(val1)
  print(val2)

  const val3 = cond(1 == 1, pair(3, 4))
  const val4 = cond(1 == 0, pair(3, 4))
  print(val3)
  print(val4)

  const val5 = 1 == 0 ? options2
  print(val5)

  emit exit 0
}
```

This example demonstrates conditionals (if statements) and shows that the conditional "scopes" are actually functions, but due to how nested scope rules work, they can still manipulate the parent function scope as needed for execution to function. It also demonstrates "ternary" operators and how they are composed of `pair` and `cond` function calls.

<!-- TODO: Restore these once we figure out how to do multi-file examples in mdbook and our browser-transpiled compiler
### `datetime.ln`

```rust,editable
from @std/app import print

export type Year {
  year: int32
}

export type YearMonth {
  year: int32
  month: int8
}

export type Date {
  year: int32
  month: int8
  day: int8
}

export type Hour {
  hour: int8
}

export type HourMinute {
  hour: int8
  minute: int8
}

export type Time {
  hour: int8
  minute: int8
  second: float64
}

export type DateTime {
  date: Date
  time: Time
  timezone: HourMinute
}

export fn makeYear(year: int32): Year {
  return new Year {
    year = year
  }
}

export fn makeYear(year: int64): Year {
  return new Year {
    year = toInt32(year)
  }
}

export fn makeYearMonth(year: int32, month: int8): YearMonth {
  return new YearMonth {
    year = year
    month = month
  }
}

export fn makeYearMonth(y: Year, month: int64): YearMonth {
  return new YearMonth {
    year = y.year
    month = toInt8(month)
  }
}

export fn makeDate(year: int32, month: int8, day: int8): Date {
  return new Date {
    year = year
    month = month
    day = day
  }
}

export fn makeDate(ym: YearMonth, day: int64): Date {
  return new Date {
    year = ym.year
    month = ym.month
    day = toInt8(day)
  }
}

export fn makeHour(hour: int8): Hour {
  return new Hour {
    hour = hour
  }
}

export fn makeHourMinute(hour: int8, minute: int8): HourMinute {
  return new HourMinute {
    hour = hour
    minute = minute
  }
}

export fn makeHourMinute(hour: int64, minute: int64): HourMinute {
  return new HourMinute {
    hour = toInt8(hour)
    minute = toInt8(minute)
  }
}

export fn makeHourMinute(h: Hour, minute: int8): HourMinute {
  return new HourMinute {
    hour = h.hour
    minute = minute
  }
}

export fn makeTime(hour: int8, minute: int8, second: float64): Time {
  return new Time {
    hour = hour
    minute = minute
    second = second
  }
}

export fn makeTime(hm: HourMinute, second: float64): Time {
  return new Time {
    hour = hm.hour
    minute = hm.minute
    second = second
  }
}

export fn makeTime(hm: HourMinute, second: int64): Time {
  return new Time {
    hour = hm.hour
    minute = hm.minute
    second = toFloat64(second)
  }
}

export fn makeDateTime(date: Date, time: Time, timezone: HourMinute): DateTime {
  return new DateTime {
    date = date
    time = time
    timezone = timezone
  }
}

export fn makeDateTime(date: Date, time: Time): DateTime {
  return new DateTime {
    date = date
    time = time
  }
}

export fn makeDateTimeTimezone(dt: DateTime, timezone: HourMinute): DateTime {
  return new DateTime {
    date = dt.date
    time = dt.time
    timezone = timezone
  }
}

export fn makeDateTimeTimezoneRev(dt: DateTime, timezone: HourMinute): DateTime {
  return new DateTime {
    date = dt.date
    time = dt.time
    timezone = new HourMinute {
      hour = -timezone.hour
      minute = timezone.minute
    }
  }
}

export fn print(dt: DateTime) {
  // TODO: Work on formatting stuff
  let timezoneOffsetSymbol: string
  if (dt.timezone.hour < toInt8(0)) {
    timezoneOffsetSymbol = "-"
  } else {
    timezoneOffsetSymbol = "+"
  }
  let str: string = concat(
    toString(dt.date.year), "-", toString(dt.date.month), "-", toString(dt.date.day), "@",
    toString(dt.time.hour), ":", toString(dt.time.minute), ":", toString(dt.time.second),
    timezoneOffsetSymbol, abs(dt.timezone.hour).toString(), ":", dt.timezone.minute.toString()
  )
  print(str)
}

export prefix # 2 makeYear

export infix - 2 makeYearMonth

export infix - 2 makeDate

export infix : 3 makeHourMinute

export infix : 3 makeTime

export infix @ 2 makeDateTime

export infix + 2 makeDateTimeTimezone

export infix - 2 makeDateTimeTimezoneRev
```

This more complex example defines a simplistic DateTime type and associated types, as well as various constructor functions and mappings of those onto operators.

### `test_datetime.ln`

```rust,editable
from @std/app import start, exit

from ./datetime import DateTime, print, #, -, :, @, +

on start fn {
  const dt: DateTime = #2020-01-15@09:45:00-08:00
  print(dt)
  emit exit 0
}
```

This file uses the `datetime.ln` file to very concisely define a time in ISO format and then print it out. It is a demonstration of how operators can be used to create compact-but-clear DSLs where you can still go to the source code to find out how and why it works.

### `method.ln`

```rust,editable
from @std/app import start, print, exit

from ./datetime import DateTime, print, #, -, :, @, +

on start fn {
  true.print()
  1.print()
  3.14159.print()
  "Hello, World!".print()

  const dt: DateTime = #2020-01-17@16:15:00-08:00
  dt.print()

  print(3.add(2))
  3.add(2).print()
  (3 + 2).print()

  emit exit 0
}
```

This example introduces method syntax, and shows multiple variants of the same statement at the end.

-->

### `string.ln`

```rust,editable
from @std/app import start, print, exit

on start fn {
  const helloWorld: string = "Hello, " + "World!"
  print(helloWorld)

  const helloWorldArr: Array<string> = helloWorld / ", "
  print(helloWorldArr[0])
  print(helloWorldArr[1])

  const helloWorldArr2: Array<string> = helloWorld.split(", ")
  print(helloWorldArr2[0])
  print(helloWorldArr2[1])

  print("Hi " * 5)
  print(repeat("Hi ", 5))

  print(helloWorld ~ "or")
  print(helloWorld.matches("or"))

  print(helloWorld @ "or")
  helloWorld.index("or").print()

  print(#helloWorld)
  print(length(helloWorld))
  print(helloWorld.length())
  helloWorld.length().print()

  print("'" + `("Hi " * 5) + "'")
  print("'" + trim(repeat("Hi ", 5)) + "'")

  emit exit 0
}
```

This example exercises many string manipulation mechanisms and alternate syntaxes using operators and method style function calls.

### `box.ln`

```rust,editable
from @std/app import start, print, exit

// Generic types don't need to be capitalized, but it tends to look nicer
type Box<V> {
  set: bool
  val: V
}

on start fn {
  let int8Box = new Box<int64> {
    val = 8
    set = true
  }
  print(int8Box.val)
  print(int8Box.set)

  let stringBox = new Box<string> {
    val = "hello, generics!"
    set = true
  }
  print(stringBox.val)
  print(stringBox.set)

  const stringBoxBox = new Box<Box<string>> {
    val = new Box<string> {
      val = "hello, nested generics!"
      set = true
    }
    set = true
  }
  print(stringBoxBox.set)
  print(stringBoxBox.val.set)
  print(stringBoxBox.val.val)

  // The following is a compile time error, uncomment to see!
  // stringBox.val = 8

  emit exit 0
}
```

This example uses generics to define a Box type and how to work with it at a basic assignment level.

### `loop.ln`

```rust,editable
from @std/app import start, print, exit

event loop: int64

on loop fn looper(val: int64) {
  print(val)
  if val >= 10 {
    emit exit 0
  } else {
    emit loop val + 1
  }
}

on start {
  emit loop 0
}
```

This example defines a custom event type and then uses it to implement a recursive function that prints to 10 and then quits. It also usesif statements to accomplish this.

This is slow and intentionally awkward because this is an escape hatch to Turing-completeness and not the intended primary use case, as Alan's execution planner will not be able to properly optimize the parallelization of this approach (it is by definition a sequential operation, though the body of the recursive function may be parallelized). It shouldn't be necessary to accomplish your needs in the language, but it is there.

<!-- TODO: Should we even have an http server example in here? We can't run it. Also this syntax is very wrong
### `http.ln`

```rust,editable
import @std/http

on http.port(8080) fn (socket: http.Socket) {
  socket.response.statusCode = 200
  socket.response.body = "Hello, World!"
  http.close(socket)
}
```

This example defines a `Hello, World!` http server on port 8080.

-->

Commit message:

add ideal loop to advanced examples (#47)

src/advanced_examples.md, after:

## More advanced examples

These examples are still relatively simple (they fit in a single file) but they demonstrate more concepts that cannot be easily shown in just a "Hello, World!" application.

### `math.ln`

```rust,editable
from @std/app import start, print, exit

on start fn {
  print(concat("1 + 2 = ", toString(1 + 2)))
  print(concat("1 - 2 = ", toString(1 - 2)))
  print(concat("1 * 2 = ", toString(1 * 2)))
  print(concat("1 / 2 = ", toString(1.0 / 2.0)))
  print(concat("1 % 2 = ", toString(1 % 2)))
  print(concat("1 ** 2 = ", toString(1 ** 2)))
  print(concat("1 & 2 = ", toString(1 & 2)))
  print(concat("1 | 2 = ", toString(1 | 2)))
  print(concat("1 ^ 2 = ", toString(1 ^ 2)))
  print(concat("!1 = ", toString(!1)))
  print(concat("1 !& 2 = ", toString(1 !& 2)))
  print(concat("1 !| 2 = ", toString(1 !| 2)))
  print(concat("1 !^ 2 = ", toString(1 !^ 2)))
  print(concat("1 + 2 * 3 ** 4 = ", toString(1 + 2 * 3 ** 4)))

  emit exit 0
}
```

This example shows multiple math operations and their results, with the last statement demonstrating the order of operations effectively inverting the computational flow of that statement.

### `object_literals.ln`
```rust,editable
from @std/app import start, print, exit

type MyType {
  foo: string
  bar: bool
}

on start {
  print("Custom type assignment")
  const test = new MyType {
    foo = "foo!"
    bar = true
  }
  print(test.foo)
  print(test.bar)

  let test2 = new MyType {
    foo = "foo2"
    bar = true
  }
  test2.bar = false
  print(test2.foo)
  print(test2.bar)

  print("Array literal assignment")
  const test3 = new Array<int64> [ 1, 2, 4, 8, 16, 32, 64 ]
  print(test3[0])
  print(test3[1])
  print(test3[2])

  let test4 = [ 0, 1, 2, 3 ]
  test4.set(0, 1)
  print(test4[0])

  print("HashMap literal assignment")
  const test5 = newHashMap(true, 1)
  test5.set(false, 0)

  print(test5.get(true))
  print(test5.get(false))

  let test6 = newHashMap("foo", "bar")
  test6.set("foo", "baz")
  print(test6.get("foo"))

  emit exit 0
}
```

This example demonstrates the three (so far) object literal syntaxes and sub-value accessor syntaxes.

### `if.ln`
```rust,editable
from @std/app import start, print, exit

fn bar() {
  print("bar!")
}

fn baz() {
  print("baz!")
}

fn nearOrFar(distance: float64): string {
  if distance < 5.0 {
    return "Near!"
  } else {
    return "Far!"
  }
}

on start {
  if 1 == 0 {
    print("What!?")
  } else {
    print("The world is sane...")
  }

  if 1 == 0 {
    print("Not this again...")
  } else if 1 == 2 {
    print("Still wrong...")
  } else {
    print("The world is still sane, for now...")
  }

  const foo: bool = true
  if foo bar else baz

  print(nearOrFar(3.14))
  print(nearOrFar(6.28))

  const options = pair(2, 4)
  print(options[0])
  print(options[1])

  const options2 = 3 : 5
  print(options2[0])
  print(options2[1])

  const val1 = 1 == 1 ? 1 : 2
  const val2 = 1 == 0 ? 1 : 2
  print(val1)
  print(val2)

  const val3 = cond(1 == 1, pair(3, 4))
  const val4 = cond(1 == 0, pair(3, 4))
  print(val3)
  print(val4)

  const val5 = 1 == 0 ? options2
  print(val5)

  emit exit 0
}
```

This example demonstrates conditionals (if statements) and shows that the conditional "scopes" are actually functions, but due to how nested scope rules work, they can still manipulate the parent function scope as needed for execution to function. It also demonstrates "ternary" operators and how they are composed of `pair` and `cond` function calls.

<!-- TODO: Restore these once we figure out how to do multi-file examples in mdbook and our browser-transpiled compiler
### `datetime.ln`

```rust,editable
from @std/app import print

export type Year {
  year: int32
}

export type YearMonth {
  year: int32
  month: int8
}

export type Date {
  year: int32
  month: int8
  day: int8
}

export type Hour {
  hour: int8
}

export type HourMinute {
  hour: int8
  minute: int8
}

export type Time {
  hour: int8
  minute: int8
  second: float64
}

export type DateTime {
  date: Date
  time: Time
  timezone: HourMinute
}

export fn makeYear(year: int32): Year {
  return new Year {
    year = year
  }
}

export fn makeYear(year: int64): Year {
  return new Year {
    year = toInt32(year)
  }
}

export fn makeYearMonth(year: int32, month: int8): YearMonth {
  return new YearMonth {
    year = year
    month = month
  }
}

export fn makeYearMonth(y: Year, month: int64): YearMonth {
  return new YearMonth {
    year = y.year
    month = toInt8(month)
  }
}

export fn makeDate(year: int32, month: int8, day: int8): Date {
  return new Date {
    year = year
    month = month
    day = day
  }
}

export fn makeDate(ym: YearMonth, day: int64): Date {
  return new Date {
    year = ym.year
    month = ym.month
    day = toInt8(day)
  }
}

export fn makeHour(hour: int8): Hour {
  return new Hour {
    hour = hour
  }
}

export fn makeHourMinute(hour: int8, minute: int8): HourMinute {
  return new HourMinute {
    hour = hour
    minute = minute
  }
}

export fn makeHourMinute(hour: int64, minute: int64): HourMinute {
  return new HourMinute {
    hour = toInt8(hour)
    minute = toInt8(minute)
  }
}

export fn makeHourMinute(h: Hour, minute: int8): HourMinute {
  return new HourMinute {
    hour = h.hour
    minute = minute
  }
}

export fn makeTime(hour: int8, minute: int8, second: float64): Time {
  return new Time {
    hour = hour
    minute = minute
    second = second
  }
}

export fn makeTime(hm: HourMinute, second: float64): Time {
  return new Time {
    hour = hm.hour
    minute = hm.minute
    second = second
  }
}

export fn makeTime(hm: HourMinute, second: int64): Time {
  return new Time {
    hour = hm.hour
    minute = hm.minute
    second = toFloat64(second)
  }
}

export fn makeDateTime(date: Date, time: Time, timezone: HourMinute): DateTime {
  return new DateTime {
    date = date
    time = time
    timezone = timezone
  }
}

export fn makeDateTime(date: Date, time: Time): DateTime {
  return new DateTime {
    date = date
    time = time
  }
}

export fn makeDateTimeTimezone(dt: DateTime, timezone: HourMinute): DateTime {
  return new DateTime {
    date = dt.date
    time = dt.time
    timezone = timezone
  }
}

export fn makeDateTimeTimezoneRev(dt: DateTime, timezone: HourMinute): DateTime {
  return new DateTime {
    date = dt.date
    time = dt.time
    timezone = new HourMinute {
      hour = -timezone.hour
      minute = timezone.minute
    }
  }
}

export fn print(dt: DateTime) {
  // TODO: Work on formatting stuff
  let timezoneOffsetSymbol: string
  if (dt.timezone.hour < toInt8(0)) {
    timezoneOffsetSymbol = "-"
  } else {
    timezoneOffsetSymbol = "+"
  }
  let str: string = concat(
    toString(dt.date.year), "-", toString(dt.date.month), "-", toString(dt.date.day), "@",
    toString(dt.time.hour), ":", toString(dt.time.minute), ":", toString(dt.time.second),
    timezoneOffsetSymbol, abs(dt.timezone.hour).toString(), ":", dt.timezone.minute.toString()
  )
  print(str)
}

export prefix # 2 makeYear

export infix - 2 makeYearMonth

export infix - 2 makeDate

export infix : 3 makeHourMinute

export infix : 3 makeTime

export infix @ 2 makeDateTime

export infix + 2 makeDateTimeTimezone

export infix - 2 makeDateTimeTimezoneRev
```

This more complex example defines a simplistic DateTime type and associated types, as well as various constructor functions and mappings of those onto operators.

### `test_datetime.ln`

```rust,editable
from @std/app import start, exit

from ./datetime import DateTime, print, #, -, :, @, +

on start fn {
  const dt: DateTime = #2020-01-15@09:45:00-08:00
  print(dt)
  emit exit 0
}
```

This file uses the `datetime.ln` file to very concisely define a time in ISO format and then print it out. It is a demonstration of how operators can be used to create compact-but-clear DSLs where you can still go to the source code to find out how and why it works.

### `method.ln`

```rust,editable
from @std/app import start, print, exit

from ./datetime import DateTime, print, #, -, :, @, +

on start fn {
  true.print()
  1.print()
  3.14159.print()
  "Hello, World!".print()

  const dt: DateTime = #2020-01-17@16:15:00-08:00
  dt.print()

  print(3.add(2))
  3.add(2).print()
  (3 + 2).print()

  emit exit 0
}
```

This example introduces method syntax, and shows multiple variants of the same statement at the end.

-->

### `string.ln`

```rust,editable
from @std/app import start, print, exit

on start fn {
  const helloWorld: string = "Hello, " + "World!"
  print(helloWorld)

  const helloWorldArr: Array<string> = helloWorld / ", "
  print(helloWorldArr[0])
  print(helloWorldArr[1])

  const helloWorldArr2: Array<string> = helloWorld.split(", ")
  print(helloWorldArr2[0])
  print(helloWorldArr2[1])

  print("Hi " * 5)
  print(repeat("Hi ", 5))

  print(helloWorld ~ "or")
  print(helloWorld.matches("or"))

  print(helloWorld @ "or")
  helloWorld.index("or").print()

  print(#helloWorld)
  print(length(helloWorld))
  print(helloWorld.length())
  helloWorld.length().print()

  print("'" + `("Hi " * 5) + "'")
  print("'" + trim(repeat("Hi ", 5)) + "'")

  emit exit 0
}
```

This example exercises many string manipulation mechanisms and alternate syntaxes using operators and method style function calls.

### `box.ln`

```rust,editable
from @std/app import start, print, exit

// Generic types don't need to be capitalized, but it tends to look nicer
type Box<V> {
  set: bool
  val: V
}

on start fn {
  let int8Box = new Box<int64> {
    val = 8
    set = true
  }
  print(int8Box.val)
  print(int8Box.set)

  let stringBox = new Box<string> {
    val = "hello, generics!"
    set = true
  }
  print(stringBox.val)
  print(stringBox.set)

  const stringBoxBox = new Box<Box<string>> {
    val = new Box<string> {
      val = "hello, nested generics!"
      set = true
    }
    set = true
  }
  print(stringBoxBox.set)
  print(stringBoxBox.val.set)
  print(stringBoxBox.val.val)

  // The following is a compile time error, uncomment to see!
  // stringBox.val = 8

  emit exit 0
}
```

This example uses generics to define a Box type and how to work with it at a basic assignment level.

### `loop.ln`

```rust,editable
from @std/app import start, print, exit

on start {
  const count = [1, 2, 3, 4, 5]
  const byTwos = count.map(fn (n: int64): int64 = n * 2)
  count.map(fn (n: int64) = toString(n)).join(', ').print()
  byTwos.map(fn (n: int64) = toString(n)).join(', ').print()
  emit exit 0
}
```

Alan does not allow arbitrary loops or recursion, but you can still loop over data. This example shows the primary way to do iteration in Alan using the functional [array api](./builtins/array_api.md) which can be parallelized by the AVM.

### `weird_loop.ln`

```rust,editable
from @std/app import start, print, exit

event loop: int64

on loop fn looper(val: int64) {
  print(val)
  if val >= 10 {
    emit exit 0
  } else {
    emit loop val + 1
  }
}

on start {
  emit loop 0
}
```

This example defines a custom event type and then uses it to implement a recursive function that prints to 10 and then quits. It also uses if statements to accomplish this.

This is slow and intentionally awkward because this is an escape hatch to Turing-completeness and not the intended primary use case, as Alan's execution planner will not be able to properly optimize the parallelization of this approach (it is by definition a sequential operation, though the body of the recursive function may be parallelized). It shouldn't be necessary to accomplish your needs in the language, but it is there at the moment.

We have a [Sequential Algorithms RFC](https://github.com/alantech/alan/blob/main/rfcs/007%20-%20Sequential%20Algorithms%20RFC.md) as a better escape hatch to Turing-completeness that is meant to replace this example and make it a compile-time error. An event handler emitting to the same event it handles, or any sort of chain of event emission that leads back to the first event is also a source of infinite loop problems, but without this RFC several kinds of programs are completely unwriteable in Alan, so we left it in for now until we can close that off.

<!-- TODO: Should we even have an http server example in here? We can't run it. Also this syntax is very wrong
### `http.ln`

```rust,editable
import @std/http

on http.port(8080) fn (socket: http.Socket) {
  socket.response.statusCode = 200
  socket.response.body = "Hello, World!"
  http.close(socket)
}
```

This example defines a `Hello, World!` http server on port 8080.

-->
