src/getting_started.md, before:

# Getting Started

This guide walks you through the steps needed to get the Alan compiler and runtimes on your local machine. To work on Alan itself, see [Contributing to Alan](./contributing.md). To learn more about Alan, see [Why we created Alan](https://alan-lang.org/why_alan.html).

## Installation

For users on Windows, MacOS, and Ubuntu Linux with x86-64 processors, you can [download the Alan executable](https://github.com/alantech/alan/releases), extract it into your `$PATH`/`%PATH%` (eg `/usr/local/bin` on MacOS and Ubuntu, and `C:\Windows` on Windows if you don't want to add a new executable path to your environment variable), and you're ready to go!

Example commands for Linux:

```bash
wget https://github.com/alantech/alan/releases/download/v0.1.6/alan-ubuntu.tar.gz
tar -xzf alan-ubuntu.tar.gz
sudo mv alan /usr/local/bin/alan
```

Example commands for MacOS:

```bash
wget https://github.com/alantech/alan/releases/download/v0.1.6/alan-macos.tar.gz
tar -xzf alan-macos.tar.gz
mv alan /usr/local/bin/alan
```

Example commands for Windows:

```ps1
Invoke-WebRequest -OutFile alan-windows.zip -Uri https://github.com/alantech/alan/releases/download/v0.1.6/alan-windows.zip
Expand-Archive -Path alan-windows.zip -DestinationPath C:\windows
```

### Source Installation

If you wish to contribute to Alan, or if your operating system and/or CPU architecture do not match the above, you'll need a development environment to build Alan locally:

* git (any recent version should work)
* Node.js >=10.20.1, <14.0.0
* Rust >=1.41.1
* A complete C toolchain (gcc, clang, msvc)
* Python >=2.7, <3.0 (and named `python2` in your PATH)

Once those are installed, simply:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/alantech/alan
cd alan
make
sudo make install
```

## Writing a Hello, World! Example

After installation, first create a file named `hello_world.ln` and then write the following within it:

```rust,editable
import @std/app

on app.start {
  app.print("Hello, World!")
  emit app.exit 0
}
```

Now run:

```bash
alan compile hello_world.ln hello_world.agc
```

This will produce an AGC binary that can be run like this:

```bash
alan run hello_world.agc
```

which prints `Hello, World!`.

You can also run the source file directly:

```bash
alan hello_world.ln
```

which will internally compile the code then run it, but you have to pay the compilation costs on each run.

## Syntax Highlighting

We support syntax highlighting for [some](https://github.com/alantech/alan/issues/257) text editors and are actively working to add more. Contributions are most welcome.

Commit message:

point foreword to builtins instead of @std and add working macos commands

src/getting_started.md, after:

# Getting Started

This guide walks you through the steps needed to get the Alan compiler and runtimes on your local machine. To work on Alan itself, see [Contributing to Alan](./contributing.md). To learn more about Alan, see [Why we created Alan](https://alan-lang.org/why_alan.html).

## Installation

For users on Windows, MacOS, and Ubuntu Linux with x86-64 processors, you can [download the Alan executable](https://github.com/alantech/alan/releases), extract it into your `$PATH`/`%PATH%` (eg `/usr/local/bin` on MacOS and Ubuntu, and `C:\Windows` on Windows if you don't want to add a new executable path to your environment variable), and you're ready to go!

For Linux:

```bash
wget https://github.com/alantech/alan/releases/download/v0.1.6/alan-ubuntu.tar.gz
tar -xzf alan-ubuntu.tar.gz
sudo mv alan /usr/local/bin/alan
```

For MacOS:

```bash
curl -OL https://github.com/alantech/alan/releases/download/v0.1.6/alan-macos.tar.gz
tar -xzf alan-ubuntu.tar.gz
# sudo mkdir -p /usr/local/bin if the folder does not exist
sudo mv alan /usr/local/bin/alan
```

For Windows:

```ps1
Invoke-WebRequest -OutFile alan-windows.zip -Uri https://github.com/alantech/alan/releases/download/v0.1.6/alan-windows.zip
Expand-Archive -Path alan-windows.zip -DestinationPath C:\windows
```

### Source Installation

If you wish to contribute to Alan, or if your operating system and/or CPU architecture do not match the above, you'll need a development environment to build Alan locally:

* git (any recent version should work)
* Node.js >=10.20.1, <14.0.0
* Rust >=1.41.1
* A complete C toolchain (gcc, clang, msvc)
* Python >=2.7, <3.0 (and named `python2` in your PATH)

Once those are installed, simply:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/alantech/alan
cd alan
make
sudo make install
```

## Writing a Hello, World! Example

After installation, first create a file named `hello_world.ln` and then write the following within it:

```rust,editable
import @std/app

on app.start {
  app.print("Hello, World!")
  emit app.exit 0
}
```

Now run:

```bash
alan compile hello_world.ln hello_world.agc
```

This will produce an AGC binary that can be run like this:

```bash
alan run hello_world.agc
```

which prints `Hello, World!`.

You can also run the source file directly:

```bash
alan hello_world.ln
```

which will internally compile the code then run it, but you have to pay the compilation costs on each run.

## Syntax Highlighting

We support syntax highlighting for [some](https://github.com/alantech/alan/issues/257) text editors and are actively working to add more. Contributions are most welcome.
